we're here at the Miami International
Boat Show getting a look at the
brand-new Sundancer 320 traditionally
Sundancer has been a cabin boat with the
fore deck and maybe a pad to lay on what
they've done with this new model they
broaden the bow to create a full width
lounge foldable armrests adjustable
headrests it's really quite comfortable
that's not all come with me and I'll
show you some more items back in the
cockpit seating surrounds the entire
deck space what they've also done is
brought the galley outdoors features a
full cooktop sink and a refrigerator
here at the helm got a lot of Technology
from mercury's vessel view display to to
Raymarine touch screen displays also
photos fitted with the Axios system
which makes docking a lot easier and of
course this is a Sundancer so down below
you've got an enclosed head v-berth and
two twin beds that actually convert
slide together to create another queen
bed find out more about the new sundance
for 320 check it out on boats calm
boat insurance a key knighted marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters